# Release Plan -- v1

## Goal

user is able to add and search books.

highlight points for users

1. collect books into one repo(directory), well-originized.
2. start the reading immediately by searching keywords in the title.

## UI design

[UI v1](http://jackon.me/bookhub/v1/)

we have 4 pages:

#### 1. Add books

this is where user starts using our product.

workflow:

1. user choose a local directory
2. bookhub PC client will scan the directory and find books. it detect whether it is a book by the extension name.
3. if book found, bookhub ompare it with the existing book library to if it is a new book.
4. display all the new books on the page, user can select which books he want to add to the database. all are selected by default.
5. user click 'Add to Library' button, bookhub adds selected books to the book library.

#### 2. Search Results

it is the same as:

- Google on the Internet
- spotlight on Mac
- [everything](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Everything_(software)) on windows

Search box is the best interface to retrieve infomation.

The interface can learn and grow smarter if trained by more data.

to make development easier, it will share the same layout as AddBooks window.

#### 3. Recently Read

some times I don't want to think and search, just give me some surprise or a list to pick up.

some times I just want to continue my reading.

Adding book covers make the page / bookhub more beautiful.

#### 4. Settings ( Preferences )

no need to explain more.

#### 5. main page.

not sure if we do it in version 1.